Attached to this lecture, you find this example project here.
Now on the first look, it might look nice but it has one fundamental issue,
we can't switch the pages here.
We get some tabs at the top but these tabs are not working and therefore what we see on this home page
are actually all the components
I later want to split up over multiple pages or multiple pages in quotation marks I should say in this
module. We do have a home, a servers and a users page
and as you can see here, we got users, servers and the home page on the same page.
So that is something we can improve but it would be nice to have separate pages as I said,
so a /users page or a /servers page and so on.
So this is what we're going to work in this module and for this, we need routes, we need the Angular
router and the Angular router needs to know which routes our front-end application has.
So you might know this pattern from a full-stack application where you also register some routes the
user can then visit,
we can do the same in Angular and we will do this in the next lecture.